Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .
Goldstein was born on Sept. 23, 1922 , in Denver and died in Chicago on June 20, 1944 .
Libya has tried , with limited success , to develop its own indigenous missile , and to extend the range of its aging SCUD force for many years under the Al Fatah and other missile programs .
QN : Did the diplomat arrive before the president left ?
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U.S. government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
In September 1999 , Pyongyang agreed to a moratorium on missile flight tests and later announced that it would maintain the moratorium until at least 2003 . 
In April 2003 , Egyptian customs officials intercepted 22 tons of aluminum tubing from Germany that would likely have been used for a pilot cascade of about 100-200 gas centrifuges , which indicates North Korea is probably not yet ready to begin operation of a large-scale plant . 
`` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang -- here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , '' he says .
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand .
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U.S. government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .
